etn Entertainment Station viewers Hello is due diligence
The idea is to keep the white space longer in the file of the musician
Band equal to the powerful energy to clear the kids out Yoona small apple bubbles
I made a masters and I held a director concert with her,
The high-spent New Year
2, 6, and 6, including the thaw and singer Yunha in 6 appeared in Japan first
I watched it as a Korean version with a big nick name that debuted .
Despite its young age, it boasts outstanding musical strength ,
I have played music in various genres .
Nevertheless, as a female singer-songwriter representing Korea,
She folded all three Debit ten years of a six breath tonight
Standing at the end of winter alone in a concert Kuma 6
And I prepared for you.
won
The concert was announced.
It's also a place I dreamed so much and I think I'm getting a little more excited.
Well , there are some credible stories that youth should have in their 20s.
Hey mikka who've also through auditions from people you know who is
Men who come to the stage are one illegal girl , so today
The woman and tomorrow are going to break with M's sleep.
That word small but I think you can see that a very large event
Oh, there are too many.
First of all,
In the past,
Men are better than men.
I had roughly the same appearance, and I was so upset at the scene
I'll be a lot of girl friends now .
I'm going to take a lot of pressure.
And because the open-minded noodles belong to many performance axes
It is very easy to be a lot of millet and still b aesthetic.
4 The burden is large
At the Olympic Park Olympic Hall where performances were held , many fans flocked like clouds.
There was.
wee
The training center ttolyi to reverse the increase in the heart rate
Negro powerfully Uh Yoon Min Divine Comedy rotten thing appeared with the little flock started
I announced
If you go to December last winter special mini album Sub Sonic is full of Yunha
Handeyo also the album on the video board to the Super Hand
Let's focus during the operation that caused the end of one half of 10's 6 months
It's yours.
I think Yoona value to the place Como Sony dislocation in this album and sang the same name
We're about to explode here.
I had a powerful voice in the cut room.
U
I'm not the only one singing a private song.
It's an all-weather source and a perlite.
Yoona started to show off his piano playing skills at elementary school
10 businesses have set a place that stimulates Ste ssesse in the winter
we were
Yes No Tainan beyond what would
Usually there are many little guy audit
Asymorp . I'm writing a lie to say anything.
Almost 80% of the streets are full of boys.
Arthur recalled six songs on his si de mes son Sam .
Oh ready to overcome all
That's right.
I mean, I do not mean this kind of thing.
Net kkune'm trying to get an interocular wool Upon termination unfolded
Oh yes, chicken is rather sincere
If someone you meet is His yirang bosige even as the two dashes
Being
Continue cell division
Oh, that's my marketing strategy.
I'm thinking about the ada ball.
This desperate marketing strategy aimed at Cooper audiences might well be at a high altitude .
I do not know.
From the title Impact concise farewell Google put out and dream of relationship cell division
Jonah Selfing I looked serious once
Ahhh
all
U
The stage of the tearful farewells continues
The sister-in-law, whose voice spreads with clear sound,
The audience also made faces like they all came together .
Even if you look at the history of the military,
The speed of recovery was noticeable
er
on & on Thanks for the fans at the top of the teacher's flower during the year-end performance
A sister who has conveyed her heart
I finished the concert at Nyan.
ei
Ah ah ah ah
In '94, I'll see you in a humor class .
Find boepneun thing that falls too obvious gatguyo
I do not want to see mature, brighter features in a few more activities.
I'll do it
etn Entertainment Station Viewers Love 1 Thank you for visiting
I want you to be happy and fulfill all the things you want to accomplish.
Bitgo the icon on the far Yoon music skills gwiyo room with blooming live tortured children
Thank you very much Standard.
In the future, as it is now, the advice will fall down and three desperately wishes
I will
U